Adds fixture factories plugin to the testing documentation. (#6852)
cakephp/docs: en/development/testing.rst

In the above example, both fixtures would be loaded from
``tests/Fixture/Blog/``.

Fixture Factories
-----------------

> While your application grows, so do the number and the size of your test fixtures. You might find it difficult

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As your application grows, so does the number and the size of your test fixtures. You might find it difficult
```

to maintain them and to keep track of their content.

> The `fixture factories plugin<https://github.com/vierge-noire/cakephp-fixture-factories>`_ proposes an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `fixture factories plugin <https://github.com/vierge-noire/cakephp-fixture-factories>`_ proposes an
```

alternative for large sized applications.

> The plugin uses its own `phpunit listener <https://github.com/vierge-noire/cakephp-test-suite-light>`_,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin uses its own `phpunit listener <https://github.com/vierge-noire/cakephp-test-suite-light>`_
```

which will perform the following actions:

#. Run migrations once on the test DB `(see the migrator) <https://github.com/vierge-noire/cakephp-test-migrator>`_.
#. Truncate dirty tables before each test.
#. Run tests.

> The following command will help you bake your factories:
> ``bin/cake bake fixture_factory -h``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following command will help you bake your factories::

    bin/cake bake fixture_factory -h
```

Once your factories are
`tuned <https://github.com/vierge-noire/cakephp-fixture-factories/blob/master/docs/factories.md>`_,
you are ready to create test fixtures in no time.

> Unnecessary interaction with the database will slow down your tests, as well as your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unnecessary interaction with the database will slow down your tests as well as your application.
```

> You can create test fixtures without persisting them, which can be useful for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create test fixtures without persisting them which can be useful for
```

> testing methods without DB interaction.
> ``$article = ArticleFactory::make()->getEntity();``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
testing methods without DB interaction::

    $article = ArticleFactory::make()->getEntity();
```

> In order to persist:
> ``$article = ArticleFactory::make()->persist();``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to persist::

    $article = ArticleFactory::make()->persist();
```

The factories help creating associated fixtures too.

> Assuming that articles belongs to many authors, we can now for example
> create 5 articles with each 2 authors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming that articles belongs to many authors, we can now, for example,
create 5 articles each with 2 authors:
```

> create 5 articles with each 2 authors:
> 
> ``$articles = ArticleFactory::make(5)->with('Authors', 2)->getEntities();``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
create 5 articles with each 2 authors::

    $articles = ArticleFactory::make(5)->with('Authors', 2)->getEntities();
```

Note that the fixture factories do not require any fixture creation or declaration. Still, they are fully
compatible with the fixtures that come with cakephp. You will find additional insights

> and documentation `here<https://github.com/vierge-noire/cakephp-fixture-factories>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and documentation `here <https://github.com/vierge-noire/cakephp-fixture-factories>`_.
```
